gh-127833: Reword and expand the Notation section (#134443)
python/cpython: Doc/reference/grammar.rst

The version here omits details related to code generation and
error recovery.

The notation used here is the same as in the preceding docs,
and is described in the :ref:`notation <notation>` section,
except for a few extra complications:

* ``&e``: a positive lookahead (that is, ``e`` is required to match but
  not consumed)
* ``!e``: a negative lookahead (that is, ``e`` is required *not* to match)

> * ``~`` ("cut"): commit to the current alternative, even if it fails to parse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``~`` ("cut"): commit to the current alternative and fail the rule
  even if this fails to parse
```
